update docs to remove old references to frankenphp:static-builder (#1950)
dunglas/frankenphp: docs/embed.md

1. Create a file named `static-build.Dockerfile` in the repository of your app:

   ```dockerfile
   FROM --platform=linux/amd64 dunglas/frankenphp:static-builder-musl

>    # If you intend to run the binary on glibc systems, use static-builder-gnu instead

Author: ```suggestion
   FROM --platform=linux/amd64 dunglas/frankenphp:static-builder-gnu
   # If you intend to run the binary on musl-libc systems, use static-builder-musl instead
```

like this?
